Change blog link to editorial process (#4809)
sourcegraph/about: README.md

## Publishing a blog post

> We want and encourage everyone at Sourcegraph to contribute to the blog. If you'd like to write for the blog, please check out how to [propose a blog post](editorial.md#editorial-process) in the Editorial handbook.

Author: ```suggestion
We want and encourage everyone at Sourcegraph to contribute to the blog. If you'd like to write for the blog, please check out how to [propose a blog post](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/marketing/content/editorial#editorial-process) in the Editorial handbook.
```
